Editorial review (#1)
MDK-Packs/vscode-cmsis-solution-docs: docs/build.md

# Build a project

Before you can download the application on your target device, you need to build it. There are various ways to trigger a
build.

## From the Explorer view

In the **Explorer** view ![Explorer icon](./images/explorer-icon.png), right-click the `*.csolution.yml` file and select **Build solution**.

These options are also available in the right-click menu:

- **Rebuild solution**: Cleans the output directories before building the cproject

- **Clean all out and tmp directories**: Cleans the output and tmp directories for the active solution

## From the CMSIS view

In the header, click ![Build icon](./images/build-icon.png).

The **Clean all out and tmp directories** and **Rebuild solution** options are also available with ![Views and More Actions icon](./images/more-actions-icon.png).

You can configure a build task in a `tasks.json` file to customize the behavior of the build button. All the examples on
keil.arm.com include a `tasks.json` file. See [Configure a build task](./configuration.md#configure-a-build-task) for more details.

## Build output

> Once you initiated the build process, a Terminal window opens and displays the build operation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you initiate the build process, a Terminal window opens and displays the build operation:
```
